noting the largest Aid supplier in Gaza
unra has reached a Breaking Point its
commissioner General called on member
states to ramp up support 16 countries
suspended Aid to the organization after
Israel accused staff members of
participating in hamas's October 7th
attack un is facing a deliberate and
concerted campaign to undermine its
operations and ultimately end
them operations that are mandated by
this
assembly part of this campaign involves
inundating donors with misinformation
designed to Foster distrust Philipe
larin's comments came as efforts to
negotiate a ceasefire have made little
progress the security council's most
recent attempt to demand one vetoed by
the United States un officials have long
called for an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire it's a position supported by
3/4 of member states in the general
assembly and 13 out of 15 Security
Council Members the use of the veto
triggered a meeting in the general
assembly where the United States
explained its increasingly isolated
position we urged our colleagues not to
proceed with a vote and cautioned that
doing so could disrupt the Intensive
efforts already underway and the
Palestinian Ambassador continued his
call for an immediate ceasefire Israel
considers that the Palestinian
the Palestinian people have three
options they give us three
options
displacement
subjugation or
murder ethnic
cleansing apde or genocide Israel's
ambassador to the United Nations however
told the general assembly that the time
has come to dismantle anra its role in
Gaza is finished and it must be replaced
many member states returned to the
general assembly in the afternoon to
voice their support for unra and call
for more funding and it's shameful that
we're even having this debate today
whether to discuss if unaa should be
funded or not history will register
what's going on now without unra they
fear not just for civilians but also for
the prospect of a two-state solution
Christen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer